Dad?
or
I'm not going.
What did you say?
Can you say that again?
Dad, I'm not going
Dad! Dad!
Dad what are you doing
Dad is useless
Dad loses to Little Day
Not even your mother
I can't even make up the cost of your trip to the competition
Oppa
You did a great job before.
Daughter, since 10 years ago
Dad lost to Taro Takahashi at the entrance of the ancestral hall
Dad couldn't lift his head anymore in the village
Now you have a chance to turn over
If Dad doesn't send you to the game
How can Dad have the face to face his ancestors?
Ha ha.
Hahaha
Hahahahahaha
Don't be too arrogant with you
I'll take the fight.
Ahahahaha
Dad?
I will go, I will defeat the Japanese pirates and win glory for you.
I'm going to let those who humiliate you
I don't dare to look down on you anymore